are you tired of glue not sticking our
velcro strips just not cutting it
anymore well then the new Easy Clip is
the perfect solution for you simply
suction it to your window slide it in
and dry the Easy Clip topaz holder
features a three suction cup design
unlike competitors which only use a one
suction cup design making it top-heavy
and off balance the easy clip told pass
holder holds your tol test at the proper
angle for optimal signal transmission
ensuring that the total gets paid every
time the suction cup design allows for
you to easily transfer your electronic
toll tag from vehicle to vehicle the
easy clip told pass holder is ideal for
motorists to use in rental cars unlike
the standard way of attaching your
electronic toll pass with glue and
velcro the easy clip toll pass holder
can be easily removed from your
windshield leaving behind no indication
of the toll tag simply remove and store
in your glovebox
there is no need to mount permanent
adhesive strips on your windshield when
the easy clip toll pass holder allows
for you to suction it on the easy clip
toll pass holder is a perfect fit for
your New York New Jersey Massachusetts
Illinois Delaware New Hampshire Maryland
South Carolina Virginia Pennsylvania and
Maine electronic toll pass systems also
available is the fast clip which is a
perfect fit for your Colorado e-470
northwest parkway and california fast
track electronic toll past systems don't
travel in any of these states don't
worry as the T clip is also available a
perfect fit for your Florida Oklahoma
Kansas and Georgia electronic toll past
systems the EZ clip toll pass holder is
the innovator and leader in toll tag
holders fits all vehicle makes and
models including commercial don't be
fooled by competitors that use the
single suction cup design whereas the EZ
clip toll pass holder features three
suction cups for maximum suction to the
window the EZ clip toll pass holder
comes with a lifetime guarantee and is
proudly made in the you
say the suction cups can be easily
removed and replaced if necessary or
send it back and get a brand-new Easy
Clip toll pass holder just pay shipping
and handling competitor toll pass
holders are only available in white
whereas our Easy Clip is available in
black or white and can be purchased in
many national chain stores select car
washes service stations and convenience
stores also available as the toll tag
clip used for the Sun Pass prepaid toll
program Easy Clip the original suction
cup holder for your electronic toll pass